i'm going to get baptized i'm quite
excited about that
savannah's church follows the
pentecostal tradition
which believes faith must be powerfully
experiential
baptism in the holy spirit is the
central event of pentecostalism
and an essential part of salvation
[Music]
my my friend died which was
i have just a really hard time
[Music]
i didn't really yeah i didn't believe it
so you always used to you know go
playing that ball together
sometimes we'd cross paths in school and
she was always
you know picking me up when i was down
when you have an like a loss of somebody
life doesn't really prepare you for
anything like that
we give to the church you know every
week i knew that was important just
like to keep going and try try keep
connecting with god
[Music]
it was hard but you know it was a
place where i kind of felt safe
and i i wasn't really able to cry in a
long time
[Music]
and then a couple months after we had a
service
and i just my legs started kind of
shaking
and my arms and my hands started shaking
a lot in my heart started being really
fast and
you know i could i could hear it beating
my in my chest
[Music]
like the tears just kind of started
streaming down my face
[Music]
and then pastor said if you can hear
your heart beating in your chest really
fast if you could
you know your hand is shaking he said
you know that's god that's god's you
know connecting with you that's
you know that's the holy spirit thank
you jesus
i just thought wow i want it to kind of
be a more familiar feeling
and yeah that's that's why i really want
to get back to this here
we call it being born again
do you savannah acknowledge jesus as
your personal lord savior and king
yes upon confessing your faith i now
baptize you in the name of the father
the son and the holy spirit
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah it's pretty cold like my friend
told me that it was gonna be quite warm
and yeah it wasn't not all i'm just
excited to start a new chapter in
[Music]
faith